BD-2548: Updating Content Calendar docs for new UI (#6413)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/campaigns/building_campaigns/delivery_types/campaign_calendar.md

tool: Campaigns
page_type: reference
description: "This reference page breaks down the components of the content calendar."
---

[1]: {% image_buster /assets/img/campaign_calendar/hamburger.png %}
[2]: {% image_buster /assets/img/campaign_calendar/chevron-left.svg %}
[3]: {% image_buster /assets/img/campaign_calendar/chevron-right.svg %}

# Content Calendar

> The Content Calendar offers a high-level overview for your upcoming scheduled campaigns.

You can analyze messaging data for upcoming and previous scheduled messages, as well as view and manage your scheduled campaigns for the month. To open the calendar, select **Messaging** > **Content Calendar**.

{% alert note %}
If you're using the [older navigation]({{site.baseurl}}/navigation), select **Engagement** > **Campaigns** > **Calendar**.
{% endalert %}

> 

Reviewer: > Not totally sure the best way to do sections after the intro.

Hmm, could always do a brief lead-in sentence to give context to the next two sections. Something like: 

The content calendar contains two main sections:
- Messaging Analytics
- Send Calendar

> Personally, I think I could have gone from the intro directly into `To open the calendar, select Messaging > Content Calendar`. However, the original doc had more information there.

What you have seems good to me! It looks like you distributed that information throughout the doc, which seems like the right move to me.

## Messaging Analytics

Messaging Analytics displays messaging data for your recent and upcoming scheduled campaigns. You can view the messaging data for a specific day by hovering over that day in either graph:

- **Upcoming Message Types:** The number of push, email, and in-app messaging campaigns scheduled within the next 14 days.
- **Messages Sent:** The number of messages sent and opened within past 14 days.

![The 'Upcoming Message Types' and 'Messages Sent' graphs within Messaging Analytics.]({% image_buster /assets/img/campaign_calendar/content_calendar_messaging_analytics.png %})

> To download a copy of your data, select ![Hamburger menu.][1]{: style="border:0;"} **Chart context menu**, then choose your preferred file format.

Reviewer: Ahhhh I see your confusion from earlier. I should've been clearer, my mistake. You don't need to download these icons, we have the fontawesome library installed in the repo so you can reference them with the HTML embed.

```suggestion
To download a copy of your data, select <i class="fa-solid fa-bars" style="color: #2e7487;"></i> **Chart context menu**, then choose your preferred file format.
```

## Send Calendar

> The Send Calendar displays all your scheduled campaigns for the current month. You can change the month by selecting ![Chevron left.][2]{: style="border:0;max-width: 20px;"} **See previous month** or ![Chevron right.][3]{: style="border:0;max-width: 20px;"} **See next month**. To return to the current month, select **Today**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Send Calendar displays all your scheduled campaigns for the current month. You can change the month by selecting <i class="fa-solid fa-chevron-left" style="color: #2e7487;"></i> **See previous month** or <i class="fa-solid fa-chevron-right" style="color: #2e7487;"></i>**See next month**. To return to the current month, select **Today**.
```

![The Send Calendar displaying all scheduled campaigns in the current month.]({% image_buster /assets/img/campaign_calendar/content_calendar_sends.png %})

Each color on the calendar represents a different scheduled campaign type:

- **Red:** Single-channel scheduled campaigns.
- **Blue:** Multichannel scheduled campaigns.

> - **Gold:**

Reviewer: Let me find out what gold is, good catch

Author: All other fixes have been committed. Waiting on a response from product [here](https://brazetechnology.slack.com/archives/C03NCGX19KQ/p1698265899401969).
